chore: bump to v1.0.0-beta.97 (#681)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.97 (2022-05-10)

### Features

> - Added `--public` option to the `push` command. Allows upload OpenAPI definition and make it public accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `--public` option to the `push` command. With this option, you can upload OpenAPI definitions and make them publicly accessible.
```

## 1.0.0-beta.96 (2022-05-06)

> Technical release for changing the package name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Technical release for changing the package name from `@redocly/openapi-cli` to `@redocly/cli`.
```
I know this isn't related to your PR, but :smile:

Author: Yeah, going to update)

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.97 (2022-05-10)

### Features

> - Added the `--public` option to the `push` command. With this option, you can upload OpenAPI definitions and make them publicly accessible.

Reviewer 3: Please enlist other features/fixes.

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.97 (2022-05-10)

### Features

> - Added the `--public` option to the `push` command. With this option, you can upload OpenAPI definitions and make them publicly accessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the `--public` option to the `push` command. With this option, you can upload OpenAPI definitions and make them publicly accessible.
- Fixed `preview-docs` hot reload.
- Changed assertions syntax to this pattern: `assert/{assert name}`.
```
Added some suggestions for the things that should be included in this release (I think).
